hi my name is Christian walk and I'm 19
years old and I'm from San Clemente
California and here goes my story for
legalism I grew up my whole life surfing
and being surrounded in a creative
loving surf family and eventually became
a professional surfer and I've been
really blessed and been able to travel
the world I've been to Norway recently
did surf in the Arctic Circle I went to
Russia the Faroe Islands Denmark Japan
New Zealand Australia Mexico I can't
even really think of all the Morocco but
anyways I have a large group of friends
who are artists and I'm really into art
I've been painting and creating stuff my
whole life I've that's kind of my thing
I like to just create stuff and so I
came with this up with this idea to do
an artist based surfboard label and
include my friends in it and so
basically we just put our artwork on the
boards and sell them as art pieces that
people can ride and we have a huge
distributor in Japan probably he's the
biggest surfboard distributor that
exists in Japan and if your surfer you
know that that's the biggest market for
surfboards but anyways and just feel
like I've just been really blessed and
having LegalZoom help me out what this
was like the best thing ever because it
was so easy I could just do it straight
up online they always got back to me
they always email me I could call
whenever I want and get info it wasn't
your typical online bit website business
that that does stuff for you where you
can never get ahold of them never get
the right info never figure out what
your what you need to figure out
basically so I'm really stoked to have
my new label canvas surfboards and I
look forward to what happens with it in
the future I mean we've already got a
ton of orders and I'm excited to see
what happens in paints and boards cool
thanks
Oh
I know